let me just begin by saying that there
are two sides to every story and this is
my side the right one I used to be
anonymous
nothing and nonentity holily that's your
name right
yeah we've had nine classes together
since kindergarten mm-hmm
so here it is part one you wanna go out
with me Brandon just a couple hours ago
you told me you were gay
you said I should pretend to be straight
I didn't mean with me I am tormented
every day at school just one good
imaginary fling which brings us to part
two you set all of Brandon your point
and make it convincing
[Music]
what thank you it's thought that
pretending to lose my virginity would be
a little more special Judy Blume's
should have prepared me for that
I didn't tell me what you did for know
he told me the truth I was just hoping
that maybe you could do the same for me
so whether I liked it or not I was open
for business 20% off to Bath and Body
Works is that how much our imaginary
tryst rent to you I faked rocked your
world we need to pray for her but we
also need to get her the hell out of
here on Monday things took a turn for
the scandalous screw all these people
olive ironically we were studying The
Scarlet Letter this girl named Hester
Prynne has an affair with Minister is
besmirched and made to wear read a for
adulterer
perhaps you should embroider a red a on
your wardrobe I'm not proud of this
like they do and take this day no
judgment but you kind of look like a
stripper mom a high-end stripper for
governor's or athletes
everyone's talking about yes I know
exactly you're doing if I promise not to
tell anyone could I kiss you right now
[Music]
I had a similar situation when I was
your age I had a horrible reputation
why because I saw a whole bunch of
people mostly guys mom there's a higher
power that will judge you for your
indecency chunker's
[Music]